there's the official pictures yes G / on
either side of the throat you got any
theories he was killed but hey mud man
panic penetrates every hope nothing
you've ever seen has such blood-chilling
savagery nothing you've ever conceived
packs such a spine-tingling gorge
things seems peaceful and quiet on the
Blanco River on this summer day with the
small town of Wimberley Texas we'll soon
find out the legend of the mud monster
oh my god the mud man musta killed this
man but run and will come up anywhere
you may be the next mud man's victim
John Matthew chunko a winner of several
Academy Awards and Golden Glove awards
just chose this next feature to star
himself in John a father of four and a
director and producer plays his most
challenging role yet The Legend of the
Blanco River mud man let's get it
behind-the-scenes look at John choco or
should I say the mud man exclusive
interview with you real fast yeah babe
what is it we we know that you're
accomplished actor and you starred in
many serious roles why why now this
amateur video for channel zero well dick
or should I call you Lance you know
outside the bedroom I feel that there
are many mud men out there on glorified
mud men you know I wanted to show what
it's like to squalor in feel things raw
sewage and you you depict this of this
image so convincing I mean did you have
to study the character of the mud men I
mean obviously there's some mud men
behind us and this is a natural habitat
for a mud man so how hard was it to get
the character of a mud man down how did
you quite a bit a research I went out
into the woods you if you look back
there they're well camouflaged that's
Indian and glug a fog oh yes yeah I
spend a lot of time them about four
months living in my
country and they're really a lot more
culture than you'd expect I picked up
this accent working with mud men haha we
we know that you had to get in front of
a lot of cars and whatnot to actually
study this character how hard was that
I see that's that's perfectly fine that
just in a mud man you see yeah I mean
that just a coincidence that car
happened to drive by when I asked you
that so actually John Matthew choco call
me mundane for now I know you like to
get into your character now you know
this this movie has not premiered gated
one second
this movie has not released yet but
there's already talks of a sequel any
comment on that if they do sequel they
haven't informed me I can tell you that
but I feel being a bad man there should
be no sequel exactly should remain
mud man it's just it's just a classic in
Excel classic I mean that that's just
about as stupid as making a screen for
or American Graffiti - that's right and
you know I personally feel that if they
made a sequel to the mud man it would it
would just basically be played by
leonardo de crappier or some other actor
like that no I think I know dear
personally personally yeah and he would
never play a role this is misses a very
hard role for him yeah he's more into
that that you know role exactly now how
do you deal with the fans that that seem
to Fanny what's autograph I'm always
willing turn around that turn around is
that what kind of makeup is that or is
that actual mud so it's it's not some
kind of fake movie star mud all right
well as John Matthew choco rinses off
their this is this is a has been a very
exciting interview and we you only hope
the best for John Matthew choco and good
blood man
I'm last Lipinski's signing off for
channel zero this has been John Matthew
choco and wedge another mud man
you